In a moment, Byung Man's Tribe
survives in two groups with...
one group by the Navua River and
the other by the Yasawa Islands.
They both get fire and a shelter ready...
and they adjust to the jungle life.
(They experience up and
downs in the jungle.)
They keep up the momentum
and go for night hunting.
Sung Hoon's team goes out
to hunt anaconda eels.
(Team Sung Hoon versus anaconda eels)
Gold medalist swimmer Da
Rae of Team Dindin...
goes out for night hunting by herself.
(Welcome to the jungle survival.)
The last part of their exciting survival...
starts now.
Let's build a shelter.
Our plan is to make four pillars...
and make a square out of bamboo sticks.
Then we'll put banana leaves on top.
We can do it.
(Woo Jin cuts bamboo he's
going to use as pillars.)
(Chae Kyung is his assistant.)
Hold on.
You tie this.
(Step 1 is to build the framework.)
- Isn't this coming together?
- I think so.
(What's this?)
Where did you get the tape?
I brought it.
We couldn't use any tools at the sea.
I hope you don't say anything about this.
(You are supposed to
find tools from nature.)
- We are all the way here.
- Right.
We don't have enough people.
Three is a bit tough.
Can somebody hold this for a second?
(Please help us.)
You have to form a cross.
(They speed up the process.)
Okay.
It's looking for like a house now.
(They're a bit less organized
without Chief Byung Man, )
(but they work pretty well together.)
(They try to finish before sunset.)
It's a house.
(The framework is complete.)
Should we put the leaves on top?
(Step 2 is to build the
roof with banana leaves.)
(They lay big leaves on top.)
It's so long.
(The roof will block
rain from dripping in.)
Doesn't it look like a house now?
Isn't it cozy?
(Let me see.)
If it rains, we're in trouble.
If it doesn't rain, we'll be okay.
If it rains, we have to move.
Look here.
The river is right next to us.
If it rains, we have to get out.
The water will fill up...
all the way here. This won't work.
If it doesn't rain,
the scariest part is the wind.
- Yes, right.
- We need to build the wall then.
(It's windy.)
What should we do?
Now that I think of it,
the water will overflow if it rains.
- We have to run away first.
- Of course.
- We won't be happy.
- We won't be relieved...
just because we are sheltered.
We have to run away.
- Then...
- Then we have to block the sides.
I'm going to unpack my bag.
I worked hard, so I'll get some sleep.
I wonder if they built a house.
I don't know either.
(It's 7pm right now.)
Sung Hoon.
You are back.
Hello.
- You are back.
- Hello.
- Oh, dear.
- Welcome.
You are back.
Did you see sharks?
Help us right away.
It's okay.
We'll talk later.
(He looks at the construction
as soon as he arrives.)
- You just need to block the wind.
- Right?
This is great.
Oh, dear.
(Jong Hyuk works hard.)
- It's better with you here.
- What?
Jae Hyun left,
so we didn't have enough people.
(He's reliable.)
(With Jong Hyuk there,
they speed up even more.)
All right.
(The floor is laid down at the end.)
Our shelter is nice.
This is great.
The four of them work together
and build a cozy shelter.
This is awesome.
They follow up by building a fire.
(They build a fire in no time.)
- This is nice.
- It's cozy with the fire.
It'll be a perfect day if they get to eat.
I always get hungry.
Meanwhile, Dindin and Da Rae
are busy looking for food.
This is the real jungle.
- Do you trust me?
- Of course.
You just gained my trust.
When I saw you throwing the rope.
- I was shocked too.
- That was instantaneous.
Are there no plants on the ground?
There must be something we can dig up.
- What is it?
- What's this?
(Da Rae cries out.)
What is it?
It's scary.
(Staff follows them.)
- Da Rae.
- Chief.
What do we do?
It's alive.
(Is it a toad?)
My gosh.
(Cane toad)
They destroy the ecosystem.
(That's a bullfrog.)
It moved.
It's sleeping...
so don't try to get on its nerves.
We have to be quiet.
That's true.
(They're nervous.)
Hey. It opened its eyes.
You can't get him in a bad mood.
You have to let it sleep.
(Hopping)
Hey, be careful. Let's move quietly.
(They move quietly.)
Hurry up.
- Hurry.
- It's sleeping.
We are in a hurry.
It's scary to look at so don't look at it.
- Don't look?
- Dont' look at anything.
I feel like we might see snakes too.
(Dindin is not so confident anymore.)
We need to eat some fish.
What's this?
- What?
- Shine the light here, Da Rae.
- What is it?
- Is it a hermit crab?
Can we eat it?
- Hey, Da Rae.
- It looks awesome.
- What?
- Shine the light.
Can it cut your finger?
- Is it dangerous?
- Is it a baby?
I'm curious. Chief, catch it for me.
(It'll hurt if it grabs me.)
(Dindin grabs the hermit crab carefully.)
(Why is he being so brave?)
It's cute. Let me see.
It's about to come out.
- Why are you coming out? No.
- It's weird.
(Why are you coming out?)
(It escapes.)
(Screaming)
What is it?
- Did it go out?
- It escaped from its shell.
- Where is it?
- It's here.
It looks like an alien.
Should I let it go?
- Let it go.
- Go.
I'll let you go.
(It's not because he's scared.
It's because it's a baby.)
If you see a weird-looking
creature, tell me right away.
- Okay.
- I know how cassavas look like.
They are not here.
How do they look?
Are those cassavas?
- I found it.
- Okay.
- Which ones?
- These are cassavas.
- Cassavas?
- Cassavas.
- Cassava trees look like this.
You have to take the roots out.
- The roots?
- This one looks huge.
- Can you pull it out?
- Yes, you have to shake it.
(She's doubtful.)
You have to turn it.
(He makes a circle.)
(Cracking)
What is it? Is it there?
I pulled it out.
(They're so happy to see it.)
- It's a cassava.
- This is a cassava.
Let's take some back. We
can eat it for breakfast.
This is good.
- Let's take another one...
- I've never seen this before.
For breakfast.
Chief.
I'm Chief Dindin. Okay.
This one is huge.
- That one's unbeatable.
- Da Rae.
- It's insane.
- I'm the Chief.
I'm the Chief.
You're so good at this.
My gosh.
This is game over.
(It's game over.)
I didn't know I'm this good.
We picked too many cassavas.
I'm like a local here.
Sure.
(He bluffs a lot.)
Good.
There's more.
(They find more shortly after.)
We can't climb. We can't reach.
I want to get some for Roy.
He said he loves mangoes.
Are there some on the ground?
Should we go in some more?
(They look for some on the ground instead.)
- What is it?
- This looks...
totally ripe.
Right? Here.
Should we cut it?
(The knife slides in smoothly.)
- I think it's ripe. Oh, dear.
- It must be.
- Oh, dear.
- It looks great.
This is great.
(It has a nice color, )
(and it smells great too.)
I've never smelled something
like this in the jungle.
- Isn't it awesome?
- It's so nice.
- This looks like that.
- It's a real mango.
(Her mouth gets watery.)
(Would it taste sweet?)
(His eyes turn soft.)
Try it.
(She has high expectations.)
It's sweet. It's super sweet.
I've never tried anything like this here.
I've never had anything like this here.
It's a mango but it's really sweet.
- This's a luxury for my taste buds.
- This's a whole different level.
The sweetness is on a different level.
This is different from mangoes in Korea.
- It's so good.
- Oh, dear.
Let's get some for Roy.
(Wait, Roy. Mangoes are coming for you.)
There are so many.
This is a paradise.
- Look at this.
- You're the Chief indeed.
What's this?
Chief Dindin gathers momentum.
He finds soursop, a fruit
that tastes like yogurt.
- What's that?
- Hold it.
He even finds cayenne peppers.
They manage to find many types of food.
It looks really good.
This is who I am. Let's go.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
Do you think Roy built a house and a fire?
I hope he did.
Why is this not working?
Roy is still struggling to
make a fire by himself.
Gosh, my hands ache.
(Sighing)
(He's been in the same
position for 1 hour.)
This should work by now.
(The jungle is...)
(He's depressed.)
(He's mad.)
I need to do this and build a house.
(This place doesn't suit me.)
(He's better than before.)
It worked.
Hey, hey. I almost had it. Wait.
(He tries to blow on the ember.)
(This must be a dream.)
I got it now though.
(Does he get it after
some trial and error?)
I got it. I can do it now.
(He takes a deep breath.)
I'll get it this time.
I didn't have a strategy in the beginning,
so I thought you just hit it...
but you have to chop it.
I'll get it this time.
(The ember comes alive.)
(He's dazed.)
(He was so anxious for this moment.)
It's hot.
(It's the same feeling when
humans first discovered fire.)
Move.
It worked. It worked.
It worked. It did it.
It worked.
This is it.
This is it, right?
That's right. Good job, Sang Woo.
(The dream in my heart)
(The fire blazes up.)
(He did it.)
(He improved a lot.)
This is it.
I did it.
(It's a dramatic victory like a musical.)
(It's freedom beyond anything expected.)
I was so worried we wouldn't
be able to roast anything.
Mission complete.
Let me build a shelter.
(He sets off for his next mission.)
I can do it. Let's go.
I'll try. There are trees here.
It's bamboo. All right.
(He collects wood to use as pillars.)
This is good.
(He can do it by himself.)
Let's go.
Gosh.
(He digs up the ground to put pillars in.)
(He makes it deep.)
(He connects the pillars
with a sturdy string.)
I want to finish before they get back.
It's difficult to build four pillars,
so I'll make a triangle like a tent.
Bugs don't matter.
(He collects palm tree
leaves for the roof.)
I'm so tired.
(He collects palm tree
leaves for the roof.)
I've never built a shelter before.
I was going through trial and error...
and tried my best.
I'm so tired.
Life is about patience and
satisfaction, Sang Woo.
I have to lay these by the entrance.
It's like the honeymoon.
(He's a romantic guy.)
I think this is good.
(He completes the shelter after
2 hours of building it.)
I wanted our shelter to
look nice as in the movies,
so I tried to make it pretty.
I was so satisfied by it.
(He adds the background music.)
(He's self-sufficient in every aspect.)
This is our shelter.
(Welcome to Roy's house.)
There's a nice bed that's cushioned.
We need somewhere to put our heads down,
so I put more cushioning on this side.
For a sturdy house,
I dug very deep.
I used rocks and strings...
to make the pillars even more strong.
You might get cold at night.
If you can't sleep,
then there's...
a warm sauna right next to it.
I'm hungry. If you're hungry...
(He forgot about the kitchen.)
(He hums and works on the kitchen.)
I got a cramp.
(He was in too much hurry.)
(He continues as if nothing happened.)
There's a snug kitchen as well.
This lamp will warm up your heart.
(He keeps on improvising.)
There's a pot as well.
This love house...
lacks only food.
We just need food.
Sincerity moves paradise. Good job, Roy.
(The veteran team is preparing food.)
(Roasted bananas are for snacks.)
We're hungry.
- Let's have bananas.
- Should we roast them?
- I'm curious.
- Pick the nice-looking ones.
(She picks the solid ones.)
- I'm hungry.
- I get hungry when we make fire.
(They put it in the fire.)
That's good.
(I hope they're delicious.)
- Let's fill ourselves up.
- Okay.
There are eels here, so let's catch some.
I hope they're here.
- Are there shrimps here too?
- Shrimp? There's freshwater shrimp.
- Right?
- Yes.
- I want broiled eels.
- Me too.
You can dip it in the sauce.
- I want some shrimps.
- Shrimps?
- Are they burning?
- They need to burn a bit.
I'm curious.
(Chae Kyung is new, so she's
curious about everything.)
(Woo Jin takes a banana out.)
It's probably hot.
It's hot.
- I don't know.
- Really?
You're a dad.
(He checks the temperature with his mouth.)
It's really hot. Are you okay?
Look at the steam.
(He tries the hot banana.)
- I ate the peel too.
- You did.
Don't do that.
(This tastes like...)
- It tastes like nothing.
- Really?
It's neither good nor bad.
There's no taste.
It's not uncooked.
It's actually cooked.
(She takes a bite.)
It's good. It tastes like cassava.
(Really?)
What does it taste like?
- Cassavas.
- Doesn't it smell like potatoes?
It does. It tastes like potatoes too.
Is your mouth weird too?
(Is your mouth weird too?)
- Who?
- Me. Is your mouth weird too?
(You know how bananas taste like.)
My mouth too?
(Chae Kyung said it's good.)
I mean... You said it
didn't taste like anything.
Hey, you...
- Try it.
- You are weird.
- It's good.
- It doesn't taste like anything.
(Sung Hoon tries it to find out the truth.)
- Isn't it good?
- It's good.
(What? It's good?)
- Be honest.
- It's good.
- No, you think...
- It's so good.
- I get what you mean.
- Doesn't it taste like cassava?
You were going to say it's
good even before you ate it.
You're right.
(What does Sung Hoon think?)
(Woo Jin pranked him during the day.)
(Spitting)
(He got tricked by the banana
and the chilli peppers.)
This is really good. What do you mean?
Look at this guy. Try this.
You try it.
It doesn't taste like anything, right?
(This tastes like...)
- It's a potato.
- Right?
It doesn't taste like anything.
- Look at this guy.
- Be honest, Sung Hoon.
- You have to be honest.
- My gosh.
There are people who are
curious about the taste.
Did you eat something else?
- Did you not tell us?
- Do you have a bad nose?
- No.
- It's fine.
- You have a bad nose, right?
I can taste everything.
That's how good I am.
Your tongue is weird then.
(He's dazed by Sung Hoon's argument.)
You scared me. This is really good.
- Try this.
- There are personal preferences.
- What?
- I don't think this is good.
You must think this is good.
- I think it's good.
- No, no.
- I think this is good too.
- It doesn't taste like nothing.
- It tastes like potatoes...
- Exactly.
Or cassavas.
- Come here. Come here, Chae Kyung.
- There's too much smoke.
There's no smoke. It's okay. Come.
(The banana battle ends
with Sung Hoon's victory.)
Let's go and catch eels.
- You go.
- Where?
Go catch eels.
- You're on the show too.
- It's a penalty.
We need to talk.
- "We"?
(We need to talk.)
"We"?
We have to go together.
Let's go catch eels.
- Sung Hoon is the best.
- Let's get ready.
Let's get ready.
Get some shrimps too.
Shrimps.
- We can catch them too.
- We can.
Are you here as viewers? The three of you?
- The flame is going to die.
- What do we do?
This is really wet.
It's different from the sea,
so the three of us have to watch the fire.
(That means Woo Jin has to go alone.)
- I'm really sorry.
- The fire?
- I'll catch the eels by myself...
- Yes.
- And the fire...
- We need three people.
(They're saying the same thing
but have different intentions.)
Is this how it usually works?
It usually...
Is there a cameraman who wants to join me?
- There's no one.
- You're going to protect the fire?
One camera has to just film the fire.
- A camera just films the fire?
- He'll give you a camera?
We'll give you a camera.
He's going to give you a camera.
Then I didn't have to come
to the base camp then.
- I'll wear my flip-flops.
- Take off the microphone.
- What?
- You said you'll go in the water.
I will go without my
microphone and the camera.
Then would the viewers know
that I starred on the show?
He said that you'll have the camera.
- You can have the camera like this.
- The camera.
- The viewers will know.
- They can't see what I'm doing.
You can film yourself and the
water as you catch the eels.
Am I on some sort of an online show?
Or do you want to stay
here by yourself here?
(The ideas never stop coming.)
- Hey.
- No, no. Hear me out.
- We came here all together.
- With the camera,
you can film yourself when
you keep the fire going.
- That actually sounds better.
- Going together...
- means nothing.
- The three of us will be go.
We'll be back.
- Wait.
- Don't you agree?
Why are you trying to
move as a group of three?
- My stomach hurts.
- Include me in.
(Teasing)
(Sung Hoon pays back for what he got.)
Sung Hoon. I...
I'm starring on the show with you...
- for now.
- You have a great role here!
(Sung Hoon, a 43-year-old man)
- You did what?
- I gave you a great role...
which is keeping the fire going.
The three of us will go, so wait here.
- Why are you assigning the roles?
- Everyone has a job.
(Goofing around)
He's a comedian.
Comedians should be good at talking, but...
I wonder why this guy
is invited here at all.
(Their quarrel never ends.)
(They're having a blast.)
To be honest, it takes a
lot of time for me...
to get to know someone whom I just met.
Thanks to Woo Jin, it was fun.
(Woo Jin helped him survive.)
It was a good experience.
All of us will go.
(Their survival begins now.)
- All right.
- Let's all go.
(The four of them will go hunt.)
You should consider yourself very grateful.
(Sung Hoon's jokes liven up the mood.)
You ought to be grateful.
- Because you're coming along?
- Yes.
- Roy.
- Gosh. The house looks pretty.
- You're incredible.
This is amazing. What's all this?
(They look around the house
as soon as they return.)
This is unbelievable.
Hey.
- It's the best house in the jungle.
- It's the prettiest.
Please give it up for Roy Kim.
Hold on.
- You're unbelievable.
- Thank you, all.
- I think this has to be the best...
- Thank you.
- House I've seen on the show.
- I did it.
It really looks pretty.
I spent hours building this house.
- It must've been boring.
- I agree.
This house...
only lacks food.
- Get ready.
- All right.
Did you... Oh, my!
- Can you see?
- Get ready.
- I'm seeing something.
- What is it?
- What is it? Are they bananas?
- Bananas.
Don't just focus on bananas.
- This is amazing.
- We brought you your favorite.
We talked about this even yesterday.
- Lobster?
- What are you craving the most?
- It's lobster.
- No, it's some kind of shaved ice.
- Is it a mango?
- A mango!
(It's a mango.)
(No, he's Manggu, the dummy.)
- Did you get me a mango?
- A mango. Hold on.
Is that mango for me?
Hey, I'm serious.
- It's the best mango...
- Did you taste it?
- I've tasted.
- It's the tastiest.
We just picked up the ones on the ground.
This is so tasty.
(He peels the skin off.)
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Try it.
(He takes a bite of it.)
- How is it?
- Isn't this amazing?
Isn't it sweet?
(He shuts his eyes tightly.)
(He's in awe.)
I've never tasted such a
sweet mango as this one.
(This mango-lover is reacting right away.)
I've never tasted such a
sweet mango as this one.
I guess this has to be an apple mango.
- I thought so.
- Right.
(His hands are asking for more.)
We got such expensive fruits.
If you're going to peel it
off like that, I can do it.
(Give me that.)
A while ago, my feet hurt so much.
I guess they want to go out.
I guess I have to go to the sea tonight.
(He reacts right away.)
We should. Hey, is it good?
Isn't it really good?
(He's just eating a mango, but
strangely, it looks erotic.)
(Only the mango and I exist in this world.)
The mango shaved ice will be
really good with this mango.
If you do, that's demeaning...
to this mango. We can just eat this mango.
- We don't need other ingredients.
- This is really good.
But this is the tastiest
mango I've ever had.
It's really good.
- But this is better.
- This one.
- What is this?
- It tastes like yogurt.
- It's a fruit at the foreign aisle.
- I heard this is really sweet.
- I'm going to cut it.
- Do it.
Let's go.
(He finally cuts the fruit at last.)
Hey, it feels...
sweet as soon as I put the knife in.
You know what I mean?
When the fruits are sweet, the
knife goes in really smoothly.
It feels like I'm slicing Korean melons.
It's similar to Korean melons or melons.
But there are seeds? What is this?
It looks a bit strange.
This looks like a cassava.
(Let's not lose hope.)
- Wait.
- Why don't we cut a piece of it?
Just a piece of it.
I'll try it first.
Gosh, this looks like a mango.
(Gosh, this looks like a mango.)
I think it will taste sweet.
(Did he have a hunch it'll be sweet?)
- Let me try it.
- It will taste like either...
a cassava or a mango.
Let me taste it first.
(Roy tastes the fruit first as always.)
- Is it ripe?
- How is it?
How is it?
(Tilting his head)
You don't know what this tastes like?
Don't eat it yet.
(Excuse me. Please tell us something.)
- What is it?
- Would you have seconds?
I've never tasted anything
like this, but it sort of...
tastes like a mango and Korean melon.
So is it good or not?
- It's good?
(Dindin tastes it with Roy's approval.)
(Is he frowning?)
Mangos are tastier though.
(What's up with his look?)
What's wrong with his look?
(Is it not good?)
- No.
- Right? It's hard to explain.
It's an odd taste.
- Really?
- But it's good.
- It's weird.
- It's a new taste.
We are just unfamiliar with the taste.
That's why we don't know
what this tastes like.
We just don't what this is.
(Soursop hasn't appeared in
the jungle for a while.)
There are seeds.
(Da Rae joins them to taste the fruit.)
Even it looks weird.
(Taking a bite)
You don't know what this
tastes like, do you?
This is sort of ambiguous taste.
This is something we've never had before.
But I could eat.
What is this?
(It's fragrant, sour, and sweet. It
has fibers, proteins, and vitamins.)
How could I explain this?
This tastes a bit erotic.
(He's unbelievable.)
This tastes like plums.
(It tastes similar to a plum.)
This is like the sherbet.
(It tastes similar to sherbet.)
Don't cacao beans make chocolate?
There are seeds.
This sort of makes me feel good.
- I don't know.
- I can't describe it.
(They take in a lot of vitamins.)
This really tastes like soaps.
It really does.
Actually, I was reminded of this.
You know one of those paper soaps?
It tastes like that.
When producers hold auditions for
the panels of cooking shows,
they can just feed the participants this.
They can ask to describe this taste.
(Even Mr. Baek might struggle with it.)
The participants just have
to describe this taste well.
This is good.
They replenished their vitamins
with tasty tropical fruits.
For their night hunting at the sea,
they get down to make their hunting tools.
(These newbies are making tools.)
Da Rae, the queen of the swimmers,
are going to hunt underwater alone.
Dindin and Roy will set out to hunt crabs.
As these newbies are improving rapidly,
I'm looking forward to their night hunting.
(The newbies are improving quickly.)
Chae Kyung, just shine the
light, and we'll catch.
- Chae Kyung, shine the light.
- Okay.
Can you see my breath when I exhale?
- It's cold.
- Can the camera catch it?
It can.
(The temperature has dropped.)
- It's winter.
- This is how cold it is here.
- Gosh, the water's so cold.
- Really?
(The water's gone icy.)
Gosh, it's freezing here.
Hey, don't go in the water. It's cold.
I'll go in.
It's cold, isn't it?
No way. It's ice water.
(Sung Hoon is reliable as always.)
Goodness!
- It's so cold.
- It's freezing cold.
(Staring)
A shrimp!
Hold on. There's a shrimp.
- Why?
- Where is it?
There's one. Wait.
It's right here. Right here.
(Under the cold water of the valley, )
(a shrimp is spotted.)
That's a real shrimp. It looks
like the one from the snack bag.
(He's motivated to hunt.)
(Let's hurry and catch it.)
(It's a small-sized prawn.)
(Grabbing)
(He lost the shrimp.)
It's really fast.
It swam away, and it was really fast.
(However)
Hey, there are shrimps here.
(There's hope.)
When you flash the light on them,
their eyes are red.
- When I flash the light?
- Yes. Shrimps' eyes are red.
Flash it where the current isn't strong.
There are small ones here.
- Are those shrimps?
- They are so tiny.
We can't eat them. They're too small.
(They let go of the small ones.)
(We are going to catch only the big ones!)
(They put up their guards
with their lighting eyes.)
(Their hunting begins.)
(The hunters of the shrimps venture out.)
(Shall I start hunting now?)
(He gets one of his hands ready carefully.)
(Snatching)
Did you get it?
(Did he catch it?)
(There's no shrimp.)
- That was close.
- Wasn't it fast?
Was it fast?
(He's excited.)
This one is big.
(Approaching carefully)
(It's pretty big.)
(It runs away upon feeling vibration.)
For goodness' sake. This
is driving me crazy.
Why is it so fast?
(It's so fast.)
There are a lot here.
- Really?
- Come here.
There are a lot here.
Don't get excited. Don't get excited.
(They are excited to
find a group of shrimp.)
- You see them, right?
- Yes.
This one is the biggest.
- Is this one the biggest?
- Yes, it's the biggest.
Be careful.
(He approaches carefully.)
Okay.
(Escaping)
(It escapes to a space between the rocks.)
Where did it go?
(He aims for the shrimp.)
(It stands still.)
(He grabs it with enough force
to make the water muddy.)
Gosh, I felt it with my hands.
It escaped between my fingers.
(It was close.)
(I went easy on you.)
(Chae Kyung reaches out quickly, )
It's gone.
(but her hands come up empty.)
(Nothing is easy in the jungle.)
My goodness.
We tried our best in the cold weather...
to no avail.
The shrimp moved so fast
that we couldn't catch it.
It was impossible to catch it with hands...
because I couldn't tell where it would go.
(Empty)
- It's gone.
- Is it gone?
Really?
(Even Jong Hyuk fails.)
While there are shrimps,
they continue to miss them.
What is the problem?
This is driving me crazy.
Use both of your hands.
- What?
- Use both of your hands.
- Should I use both of my hands?
- That's right.
I see.
Byung Man, the master of hunting
without a tool catches shrimp...
with both of his hands.
To move his hands freely, he
puts the lantern in his mouth.
He reaches his hands out in an instant.
It's Byung Man's know-how
on catching shrimp...
that requires a high level of
concentration and agility.
You should use both of your hands
when we shine the light on water.
- Really?
- Yes.
- I should go like this.
I want to catch one.
I will catch one.
I see its red eyes.
Look.
It's big.
(He spots shrimp.)
It's big. Let's be careful.
(He puts down the container.)
(He tries to catch it
with both of his hands.)
I caught it.
(Did he succeed this time?)
I caught it. I caught it.
Yoo Ha, Dad caught it.
Sung Hoon. Sung Hoon.
(Shouting)
Did you catch it?
- Yes, I did.
- What did you catch?
Shrimp.
Do you see it? It was very fast.
Oh, yes. I caught it.
I caught it.
(His success gives energy to
the rest of the members.)
Come on out.
Come on out, shrimp.
(They continue to use both hands.)
(Empty)
For goodness' sake.
(Will she succeed this time?)
No.
It was quite big.
There are no shrimps.
- Right?
(As time goes by, it becomes
hard to find shrimp.)
- It's cold.
- It's cold, right?
It's really cold.
(They can't hunt anymore
in this cold weather.)
(They move upstream towards the base.)
(Their footsteps are heavy.)
It's an eel.
My goodness.
- Look.
- Where is it?
(Suddenly, )
(a big eel appears.)
(It moves away from Sung Hoon and Woo Jin.)
- Look.
- Where is it?
Where is it?
(Who is he?)
(Throwing)
- Where did it go?
- Here it is. Catch it.
Catch it. Catch it.
- My goodness.
- Catch it.
(They suddenly have a
battle against an eel.)
Where did it go?
- Here it is. Catch it.
- My goodness.
- What is it?
- Catch it. Catch it.
(Jong Hyuk is away from the group.)
- Did you catch it?
- Catch it. Catch it.
(Flapping)
(The eel thrashes.)
- Catch it.
- I caught it.
Keep your hands on it.
(Will they catch it or lose it?)
Give me the net.
- The net.
- Give me the net.
(The strength of the eel makes
their mouths and hands move fast.)
- Don't put it in there.
- Give me the net.
- Here, here.
- No, not that one.
Here.
Put it in.
It bites. Put it in.
(Beware of its teeth.)
I almost swore.
(They work together frantically
to put the eel in the net.)
Wait a minute.
All right.
Catch it.
(Since they only have shrimp, )
(they must catch this eel.)
- Give me the net.
- The net.
I almost swore.
(Will they succeed...)
(in catching the eel?)
Wait a minute.
We got it.
(Finally, )
(they caught...)
(the eel.)
(Nice catch.)
We have an eel.
Jong Hyuk, it's an eel.
(This is incredible.)
We caught it.
(Are we dreaming?)
My goodness.
(The eels appeared without a warning.)
(They smile now that they caught it.)
We are good. We are good.
- We are good.
- We suddenly have food.
We are good now.
- We are good.
- It might eat the shrimp.
- Is that okay?
- It's okay. It can eat the shrimp.
It's cold.
Roy and Dindin, watch this on TV.
That was incredible.
(You are envious, right?)
We caught it well.
Our hunt was a big success.
We were moving upstream after
giving up on the hunt.
Seeing the eel so suddenly
excited us very much.
The eel suddenly appeared...
and the cameraman threw it towards us.
He fell down as he threw it towards us.
He fell into the water.
We were very surprised.
We didn't have time to
shout, "It's an eel!"
Our hands moved first
because we had to catch it.
At that moment, we didn't even think...
about getting bitten.
"We have to catch it."
There is no distinction between the
guests and staff in the jungle.
Everyone becomes a member
of Byung Man's Tribe.
I think the cameraman scooped
it out without thinking.
(We will enjoy the eel.)
It's very strong.
- It's very big.
- This is incredible.
It's very big.
We caught it very well.
- Let's go.
I wondered how we should share...
tiny shrimp.
They say there are ups and downs in life.
In an unexpected moment, they became lucky.
Meanwhile, the men who continue
to improve, Dindin and Roy are...
getting to go on a night hunt.
- Get the tools.
- Okay.
Let's take this.
(Before the hunt, )
(Dindin makes a harpoon.)
(I will catch everything.)
Let's get it.
(Making a tool)
This might work.
(He makes a torch that
will light their way.)
All right.
I am the man of the sea.
I have a torch.
(Confident and cool)
The descendants of Fiji.
(The hunting duo, the descendants of Fiji)
(Dindin is an ace marksman
when it comes to crabs.)
(He has fought in many battles
against the crabs...)
(and made contributions.)
(The expert of crab hunting)
I caught it.
(Roy has two faces.)
(Carefree)
(He works diligently like a fool.)
(The naturalist and hunter, Roy Kim)
(They worry about their
style more than anything.)
(They are the best hunting duo.)
(The descendants of Fiji)
The crabs' apartment is over there.
Let's go over there.
(They plan to attack the crabs'
apartment they spotted.)
Be careful. It's very slippery.
It was around here.
(They smell life.)
It's a crab. Dindin.
Dindin. Dindin. Dindin.
- Where? Just wait.
- Dindin, look over there.
(Dindin chases after the
crab with hesitation.)
This crab wasn't very tasty.
Is that the crab?
This crab isn't very tasty.
The crab we saw earlier is the tasty one.
- Go away. We won't eat you.
- Go away.
- You aren't tasty.
- These crabs aren't tasty.
- We are only getting these crabs.
It's always the tasteless crabs
that want our attention.
(The descendant of Fiji
searches diligently.)
(The torch went out a long time ago.)
Look at the waves.
Where was the crabs' apartment?
There are a lot of fish.
There are so many creatures.
It's fish.
(They find a water park for fish.)
We need a fishing net. They are too fast.
(It will be hard to catch these fast fish.)
If you catch it, I'll
acknowledge you as chief.
(He holds a sharp harpoon.)
(It swims away.)
Now that I've been hunting for a few days,
I don't want to catch small ones anymore.
(It's a pie in the sky.)
We should've put a fish trap here.
Let's catch crabs instead.
(Staggering)
It's really slippery. Be careful.
(He's tired after using the harpoon.)
(Will he be able to catch a crab?)
Hey, is that it?
(Did they find prey?)
- Hey, Roy. Wait.
- What is it?
There's a huge fish.
(Did Dindin find a big one?)
(He's closing in on the prey.)
- It's over there.
- Where?
(Dropping)
What? My mosquito repellent.
That fish is gone. Wait. You're a genius.
We missed that fish.
(He saved his mosquito
repellent, but lost the fish.)
Wait a minute.
(He's dumbfounded.)
(The glory of the crab hunter is...)
Do you know where it went?
(all in the past.)
Everyone, let's go back.
(He's depressed.)
Will Da Rae catch something?
Do we have to count on Da Rae now?
(All they can count on
is the gold medalist.)
(Da Rae goes fishing alone in the sea.)
(She does everything on her own.)
(She puts on all the gears.)
(I'll take over the night sea of Fiji.)
(She can swim.)
(She can dive.)
(Last, time she showed off
her sea hunting skills.)
(She caught giant clams.)
- Amazing.
- Nice.
Be careful.
(Da Rae walks backward without hesitation.)
Good luck.
Thank you.
What's that? I can't see.
(Needlefish is jumping up and down.)
I see what's in here.
Okay. I got it.
I thought I should at
least catch some fish.
I felt like I could...
catch something if I went hunting at night.
(Guys, the gold medalist is here!)
(They swim away.)
(Looking around)
Actually I've never swum
in the ocean at night.
It was interesting to
swim with a flashlight.
(She feels awkward, but swims confidently.)
(Viewpoint of Da Rae's camera)
(She turns quickly.)
(She quickly changes direction
as if she found something.)
(She aims her harpoon.)
(A fish swims away from the harpoon.)
(That was so close.)
(She dives in again.)
(She finds another fish!)
(Approaching stealthily)
(Swimming away)
(She keeps chasing fish tails.)
(It's not going the way I want it to go.)
(She keeps searching for prey.)
(She gets her harpoon
ready and dives down.)
(What is it this time?)
(She found a big one!)
(Piercing)
(She misses it again.)
(Gosh, that was a huge one!)
(Da Rae doesn't give up.
She keeps diving in.)
(She aims at the fish.)
(She shoots...)
(and fails again.)
(Please get caught.)
I tried so many times.
I used the harpoon Roy made.
The tip came off. It became dull.
When you're in the water,
there is resistance.
You can't move as fast.
Even when I used force, it didn't work.
(The tip of the harpoon became dull.)
This... I can't pierce fish with this.
It's too dull.
(Gosh, I have to catch fish.)
I can't pierce fish with it.
(She recuperates and goes searching again.)
(I will never give up.)
(She finds something.)
(She throws the dull harpoon
down with all her strength.)
(Again, it's a big one!)
I have to catch this. I will catch it.
(But will it be possible
with this harpoon?)
(The fish swims away and
hides among the corals.)
(Stop right there!)
(Stabbing)
The harpoon was so dull to pierce anything.
So shoved it inside the corals.
I didn't want the fish to escape,
so I held the harpoon there.
(Her plan is to trap the fish.)
(She blocked the entrance
with the harpoon.)
There.
It's in there.
(Did her plan work?)
(The fish went inside the corals.)
(I don't want to miss it.
What am I going to do?)
(Hesitating)
Hold on.
(She pulls away to come up
with a different plan.)
(She's out of the water.)
Do you have anything sharp?
I can't stab it because I
don't have a sharp harpoon.
(Flustered)
Here.
(The cameraman hands her a tool.)
(Then she dives in deep.)
It's really huge.
(Fumbling)
(She's trying to get the
fish with her hand.)
(Good luck!)
I got it!
What?
- She got it.
- It's huge, isn't it?
- Gosh.
- She got it.
- Isn't it huge?
- Da Rae caught it.
She did it.
Yes! I'm so happy.
I almost missed it.
But the cameraman helped me.
So I could catch it.
- I'll put it here.
- Okay.
Isn't it big?
(Catching fish at night was a success!)
Gosh.
(I'm glad I caught at least one!)
- I'll help you.
- Seriously.
Climbing the boat is hard.
Da Rae, the gold medalist,
caught a fish with the experienced staff.
(They succeeded together.)
They help each other...
and share the happiness.
This is what makes surviving
in the jungle fun.
Did you catch something?
He's here.
- You worked so hard.
- Where's the eel?
- It's over here.
- Ta-da.
Amazing.
(Here's the eel.)
- Isn't it big?
- Isn't it awesome?
- Isn't it like an anaconda?
- Seriously.
This is where they shot "Anaconda".
- It looks like a snake.
- Is this really an eel?
- Yes.
- Yes, it is.
(It's a giant mottled eel.)
Isn't it really thick?
- It tries to bite.
- It bites.
It's strong. It wriggles.
The problem is...
(The problem is...)
how to fillet this.
Jong Hyuk, have you done this before?
- No.
- You haven't?
I have never cleaned an eel.
(I don't know either.)
(No one has tried cleaning
and cooking an eel.)
We need to find a way to do it.
(They rack their brains.)
However, no one has a clue.
I know what we need.
We need bamboo.
In Madagascar, we cooked eels in bamboo.
Let's get a big bamboo...
(What is Sung Hoon's master
plan of cooking an eel?)
and cut it in half.
(In Madagascar, Chief Byung
Man grilled eels on bamboo.)
Chief Byung Man has made
grilled eels on bamboo.
Will they be able to make the dish?
- We need two sections.
- Should I cut these two sections?
Try cutting right there.
It needs to be big enough for the eel.
Did you come here to
avoid cleaning the eel?
(He feigns innocence.)
This is the most important part.
(Breaking open)
(I will do everything
that requires muscles.)
You are the best.
(The descendant of Chief Byung Man
versus The descendant of anaconda)
(The eel is strong.)
(Let's do this.)
(He chases after the eel...)
(to clean it.)
(He is winning the battles.)
(Surprised)
(He is pretty impressive.)
(At the moment, the help arrives.)
(Put on the gloves...)
(and use a different knife.)
It's very slippery.
(She holds its tail so that it slips less.)
This is enough, right?
(He removes the gut and makes deep cuts.)
There is a lot of meat.
(He finished cleaning the eel
by rinsing it with water.)
It's very big.
- It was very strong.
- We did a good job.
I will be eating an eel here.
It's just right.
(They put the cleaned eel in bamboo.)
Let's put the lid on it.
(Put the lid to contain the heat.)
(Place it over the fire.)
(They can't help but exclaim...)
(and clap.)
- Thank you for your hard work.
(The eel dish is going well so far.)
How long do you think it will take?
- It will take over an hour.
- Over an hour?
It's big fish.
(It will take a while for a
big fish to cook thoroughly.)
(The human kindling helps.)
I am so hungry.
(Please cook quickly.)
- It's hard to wait.
- I know.
(Now that they tended to the
fire, it's time to wait.)
The bamboo is splitting.
The eel is falling down.
(Is it falling down?)
My goodness.
- Is it okay?
- Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. What should we do?
(Flustered)
- My goodness.
- Wait a minute.
- Is it okay?
- In 1, 2, 3.
- Wait a minute. The bamboo is hot.
- It's hot.
(They fail to save the eel from the fire.)
(They overturn the bamboo.)
- Move your hand away from the fire.
- What should we do?
- Wait a minute.
- No, no.
(They are having a mental breakdown.)
(What should we do?)
- How should we flip it over?
- It's too heavy.
- Gosh, it's hot.
- It's hot.
What should we do?
(The eel is buried in fire.)
Hold it.
(Woo Jin rescues it with his bare hands.)
(They recover the eel.)
Since it's freshwater eel, we
should cook it thoroughly.
I think everything is
cooked except for the head.
I think we should cook the
middle part for longer.
- The middle part?
- Yes.
(There are many opinions,
but no one knows for sure.)
We can put it up here.
(Will it be okay?)
Look at the juice.
This part looks incredible.
(It browns in no time.)
I eat eels very often in Korea.
- Do you like eels?
- Yes.
I order both seasoned eels and salted eels.
It looks incredible.
(I am confident when it comes to eating.)
There is a lot to eat.
(Eels protect the five viscera.)
Isn't it cooked?
I think it's cooked.
It's cooked.
(They waited a long time for the eel.)
There is a lot of meat.
This is incredible.
We are improving day by day...
- when it comes to food.
- That's right.
Today's meal is the best.
Did we have papaya or coconut?
- We had papaya.
- Then we had cassavas.
(They went from root
vegetables to crustaceans.)
Then we ate sugar cane and caught crabs.
- We are having a feast today.
- What do you think?
Is it not cooked yet?
- What is it?
- Is it okay?
- It smells amazing.
- Really?
- It doesn't smell fishy at all.
(Everyone is expectant.)
- All right.
- Let's eat.
Let's eat.
The youngest member, Chae
Kyung can try it first.
Thank you for the food.
Be careful. It's hot.
(She takes a big piece.)
Tell us how it tastes.
(Eating)
How does it taste?
(Is it tasty?)
(Her eyes crinkle.)
(She answers with a cute
facial expression.)
- It's a salted eel.
- The taste made her act cute.
(It's a salted eel.)
- Hurry up and try it.
- Try it.
- Is it good?
- It's incredible.
- It's tasty.
- It's so tasty.
What is it?
- Is it incredible?
- I don't usually like eels.
(Jong Hyuk is speechless.)
It's tasty.
(Isn't it tasty?)
(His eyes shine.)
It's really chewy. When
you eat eels at Seoul,
it's not chewy,
but soft and hot.
(It's the class of a marbled
eel, which is rare in Korea.)
- It's chewy.
- Be careful with the bones.
(Grilled eel in bamboo was a big success.)
I didn't know an eel could be so tasty.
(They resume eating.)
- My goodness.
- It smells great.
(She doesn't even know she
has something on her mouth.)
It has a smoky flavor.
It tastes like smoked ham.
(He takes another bite of smoked ham.)
It's very tasty.
(He stands up every time he takes a bite.)
(They cross their hands in amazement.)
Good job.
It's tasty.
(After eating for a while...)
Why did they stop eating the eel?
The atmosphere turned serious.
They sigh and glance at each other.
(They glance...)
(at each other.)
(The fairy of eating grimaces.)
Turn it over.
- Turn it over.
- What happened?
Because the lid came off in the middle,
(This is the problem.)
there is a part that isn't cooked.
My goodness.
This part is practically raw.
(What happened?)
(Let's study Chief Byung Man's style.)
(He fillets the eel.)
(However, Jong Hyuk kept it thick.)
(Chief Byung Man cooks over a
low heat for a long time.)
(They cooked the eel over a
high heat for a short time.)
(That's why some parts are bloody.)
Don't eat the head.
You can't eat this part either.
(You can't eat this part either.)
Don't eat the head.
The middle part is uncooked.
Eat the outside.
(What is there to eat?)
(He searches for meat
that has been cooked.)
- It's very tasty.
- This piece is cooked nicely.
(I think this piece is cooked.)
(Eating)
It's not cooked thoroughly.
(Here and there, )
(the members spit out eel.)
I will eat the skin. It's edible, right?
(They only have burnt skin.)
(It's hard to eat an eel.)
We should take the rest of it to Byung Man.
(Chief Byung Man would know what to do.)
Shall we cook it a bit more?
We should cook it more. The
heat didn't reach the inside.
We could wrap it with a banana
leaf and put it in the fire.
- This one?
- Yes.
(At that moment, a moth attacks.)
Insects attack in this difficult situation.
It's hard to have a meal
without Chief Byung Man.
They decide to do their best
to save the rest of the eel.
It would have been nice to
share it with the others.
What did the other members eat?
(How is Dindin's Tribe doing?)
I am back.
(They welcome her with
their facial muscles.)
Look at these.
(Da Rae is the best.)
How did you catch this?
(There are a sea bream Da Rae caught
and other fish from the trap.)
Is it a sea bream?
- Isn't it a sea bream?
- How did you catch that?
You are cool.
- Da Rae, warm up your body.
- Warm up your body.
(They take Da Rae towards the fire.)
- Will we eat maeuntang today?
- What?
Will we eat maeuntang today?
She is so cool.
She caught these fish in
the coolest way and asked,
"Will we eat maeuntang today?"
(Mischievous)
- She is so cute.
- Hey.
Will we be able to put fish in this pot?
(The pot is much smaller.)
- Let's grill the fish.
Let's skewer and grill them.
Da Rae is the best. She did it.
- Da Rae is a gold medalist.
- She is.
Da Rae is our mom.
- Let's call her mom.
- Okay. Mom.
- Thank goodness we have Da Rae.
- Seriously.
Can you do it?
- I can do it.
- Are you sure you can do it?
(She sticks the knife in.)
(They are shocked by her knife skills.)
Da Rae, watch your hand.
(Without a flinch, )
(she begins to clean the fish.)
When you hold the knife...
(The two kindergartners begin to meddle.)
(She ignores them.)
That's right. You need
to take out that part.
Don't lay it flat.
- Do it like this.
- Do it the other way.
- That's how you do it.
- Use the back of the knife.
You don't have to do that.
(For goodness' sake.)
You should do it.
For goodness' sake.
- That's it.
- This woman has skills.
- She's good.
- Her restaurant is popular.
It's a popular restaurant.
- I heard you're a gold medalist.
- Do it again after you flip it.
Gosh, the chef of this
restaurant is so thorough.
Exactly. Her knife skills are great.
They are perfect.
Please clean the small ones.
I can do them. Da Rae, let me.
- Okay.
- I can do them.
Okay. Go ahead.
(He's the biggest coward
in the world though.)
I can smell the raw fish.
(He removes its head as he chops it off.)
- You should remove the intestines.
- I know that. Hold on.
- You're good, Roy.
- You're good.
You were just pretending to be bad at it.
(He's trying to manage while
clenching his teeth.)
There you go.
- You're amazing.
- Good thing you volunteered.
- You're so good.
- You're incredible.
Wait. This is Sangwoo Seafood
Restaurant, isn't it?
(Sangwoo Seafood Restaurant)
This is Sangwoo Seafood Restaurant.
- Isn't that one better?
- Am I done?
Can you see nothing is in it?
(The seafood market is dying to scout him.)
- You're good.
- Well done. You should've done it.
This is the first time cleaning a fish.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Why are you so good?
- I'm done.
- Are you done?
- Let's go.
(He has become stronger than
the beginning of the show.)
Gosh, Sang Woo is amazing.
I think we should start cooking.
Shall we begin?
Give me the chili peppers.
Here you go.
What if we can only taste
the mango from the fish?
That works too.
(He has overcome his fear of sea creature.)
This is my first time
doing this in my life.
Hey, we're smoking it over the fire.
Okay. Let's get it.
- Please make it tasty.
- Okay.
(Their teamwork is perfect.)
- I'll make the small ones crispy.
- Okay.
I'll cook longer for the small ones.
- This is the best.
- I agree.
(They smell...)
(the roasting smell of fish over the fire.)
Gosh, this is nice. I can't believe
this is actually happening to us.
(Feeling overwhelmed)
- I'm so happy.
- Da Rae, this is all thanks to you.
(But where is Roy?)
Nice.
Play Da Rae's song request.
(He's tuning the guitar as if
he's loosening his fingers.)
It's so romantic. We're listening
to this as we cook the fish...
with the members of our Tribe.
Which song should I sing?
Song you can sing well.
Is this "Super Star K"?
What should I do?
Pretend that you are back on the show.
A song that goes well with the vibe.
Can you sing "Yeosu Night Sea"?
"Yeosu Night Sea".
(Fiji night sea)
(He's singing as he's
lost in the atmosphere.)
(Feeling awkward)
(But they're already
engrossed in his song.)
(I make a call)
It's an international call.
(I ask what you're doing)
Data roaming.
(I'm at Fiji night sea)
Roy.
(Fiji night sea)
(Near a warming bonfire, )
(with the smell of their
food getting cooked, )
(they're enjoying the
beautiful voice of Roy.)
What is this?
- That's enough.
- What?
- That's enough. Sing another one.
- That was great.
- It was good.
- Sing one of your songs.
Sing your song.
Sing yours.
("Spring, Spring, Spring" by Roy)
(You still smell)
(like the first day we met)
You should turn it.
(The first day we met)
(We were awkward and
sloppy in the beginning.)
(Due to the harsh environment
and lack of experience, )
(it wasn't an easy survival.)
(In no time, we began to
improve little by little.)
(The reason I could be here despite
my lack of experience was...)
(you guys who joined me on this journey.)
(Spring also comes to the jungle.)
(He whistles to heighten the live show.)
Gosh, that's so mellow.
I got the goose bumps. You can't
see since my sleeves are long.
Gosh, that was a great song.
I'm satisfied.
- Your song was very satisfying.
- That was nice.
I feel sorry for you. I've
looked down on you a lot here.
- Apologize.
- I should. I...
(While they sang and enjoyed the moment, )
(the sea bream is cooked
to a golden brown.)
I've never seen the fish dripping with oil.
That looks good.
(Dindin tastes the appetizer first.)
Watch out for the bones.
(Pounding)
- Is it good?
- Is it cooked?
Really?
(Bursting into laughter)
This is so good. It's very tasty.
Is it that good?
- Is it delicious?
- Hey.
I've never tasted anything like this.
(It's a familiar taste.)
Isn't it good?
- It's like meat. It's a fish.
- This is so good.
(Roy takes a bite who had a long day.)
Hey, this is the tastiest fish ever.
This tastes just like the
fish we eat in Seoul.
Isn't it good?
(He feels like giving a standing ovation.)
It's good. It's really tasty.
- I might cry.
- It tastes like a mackerel pike.
It's just like...
the roasted fish moms feed us
with soy sauce on the side...
along with white rice and kimchi.
- This is the best.
- Doesn't this look amazing?
- I can't wait.
- This looks tasty.
- It does. Okay.
- Have a taste.
Chief, I have the chopsticks.
Really?
(He takes a piece of milky
chunk of the fish.)
He's giving you the best part.
(Dindin who went through a lot
physically and mentally eats first.)
How is it?
Is it good? Is it?
(They get the thrill just watching him.)
- Hey, this is delicious.
- Really?
- I'm serious.
- Let's try it.
This is different from
the fish we eat at home.
It looks like a fish from
a Japanese restaurant.
- Right.
- Aren't I right?
It tastes like the fish
from a Japanese restaurant.
(He feeds Da Rae, the
heroine of the day, next.)
- That was a bit strong.
- This is tasty.
This is so juicy.
(Savoring it)
This is good. It really is.
(Roy has learned to eat the fish...)
(taking the bone apart.)
Remove the bones.
(The bones are about to
pierce into his gums.)
Get rid of the bones first.
This is so greasy!
"This is so greasy"?
This is just like that fish.
You know the grilled toothfish?
We got to eat it thanks to Da Rae.
What a luxury we're enjoying.
This is an oily fish.
- But this is the tastiest food...
- This is so good.
I've had in the jungle. I'm serious.
- I agree.
- Right?
It's good.
(Now that he's eating off the stick...)
You look cool.
Try to look cool while eating it.
That's it.
There you go.
Hey, you might drop it.
Pretend it's hot.
(The roof of my mouth is going
crazy as it's on fire!)
(Reporting a fire)
This guy is a genius.
I can tell that he's a genius.
Can you pretend it's cold?
(Command: Eating cold food)
(The coldness freezes his
teeth to his brain.)
(He's having a heart attack.)
Pretend that it's sour.
(Command: Eating sour food)
(Feeling the tingling sensation)
He just looks ugly, no?
- No, when it's sour...
- This is it.
I've observed people, and this
is what they do when it's sour.
"Try it."
(Tossing to the person next to him)
(His acting skills are at another level.)
"Try this."
- We acted exactly the same.
- We did the same thing.
- That's what everyone does.
"Hey, this is so sour. Try it."
- Everyone does this all the time.
- That's what I'm talking about.
What about Team Captain who was
waiting the eels to be cooked more?
Hey, look. It fell.
Hold on. It fell.
(They try to rescue the eels in a hurry.)
It's completely burned.
They can't eat a chunk of charcoals.
They get ready for bed as they
put behind their disappointment.
(It's time for them to go to sleep.)
(Next morning)
(The sun is rising above the
fog with full of energy.)
Jong Hyuk, what are you
doing early in the morning?
If we had this when we
went to fish yesterday,
we could've caught them like this.
(He made the fishing net to catch
shrimps he didn't catch yesterday.)
It all depends on the tools.
(I'm going to catch them today
with the improved tool.)
Okay.
(We didn't even get to eat
the eels last night.)
I see it. It's here. It's here.
(He swings with the net for the
first time to catch shrimps.)
I can't see after the swing.
(The muddy water makes it hard
for him to spot the shrimps.)
(He's still frustrated.)
(Staggering)
(He gets nervous as time passes by more.)
I have a bad feeling about this.
(Jong Hyuk was searching
for food for a while.)
(What?)
Gosh. Oh, my!
(There's a hole!)
(His bad hunch turned out to be true.)
Gosh, I'm in trouble.
(What is happening? I can't
even catch shrimps.)
The net is completely ripped.
Do you have anything I
can sew this up with?
- Like threads?
- Why would we have threads?
Or do you have duct tapes?
What about Band-Aids?
Band-Aids? Hold on.
Do you have them?
Wait a second. You really have them?
No way.
People get hurt easily here.
So we keep them with us.
But are they really Band-Aids?
(Goodness, with this, I can...)
I can tie this up.
(Surgeon Oh is leading
the surgery himself.)
Gosh, this is unbelievable.
(He's suturing the fishing
net with complete focus.)
The shrimps can't be infected by germs.
We are going to eat them.
You're good at it.
Just in case...
(Fishing net, you can get through this!)
(The surgery is over.)
This is amazing.
(The patient is in good condition.)
I sew up the hole.
(With just a Band-Aid, the
fishing net has revived.)
(He begins his search again.)
I bet they are somewhere over here.
It's here. It's really huge.
Here. Do you see it?
It's huge.
(He picks his target.)
Here I go.
I caught it.
(The shrimp goes in.)
(He gets it in one shot
with his repaired net.)
(He finally gets 1 after many trials.)
I caught it.
It's huge.
(It's quite big.)
(Flapping)
(It's very fresh.)
It's really huge.
(This is why you come to the jungle.)
Look at the color. My gosh.
There it is.
(He continues searching.)
(He finds another one.)
Okay.
(It goes into the net.)
(He catches two shrimps with his net.)
This is huge.
While catching shrimps, he
reaches the gigantic fall.
This is Jong Hyuk's first time here.
It's my first time going under a fall.
I've only seen artificial falls before.
It's in Hwayang.
(He goes towards the 40m waterfall.)
(He spreads his arms
wide and hugs the fall.)
(He feels it with his whole body.)
(He gets through it and
enters a new space-time.)
I am a nature man!
(I am a nature man.)
Let's go, The Law of Jungle!
(He gets back to the
world after recharging.)
(It's like a scene from a movie
under the gushing waterfall.)
(I am a movie star.)
(He dances with his shoulders.)
I want to build a house and live here.
I can do this every morning.
(That's why you keep coming
back to the jungle.)
Let's get it.
(Is Team Dindin's survival like
a scene from a movie too?)
We are here.
(Is Team Dindin's survival like
a scene from a movie too?)
(His eyes open wide.)
What's this?
- What's this?
- This is almost like...
Isn't it dirty water?
(They're speechless.)
Isn't this a movie set?
(It's the mystic Sawa-I-Lau
Caves from "The Blue Lagoon".)
(The mysterious cave
embraces the emerald sea.)
- What's this?
- Do you see that on the wall?
(It's in front of their eyes.)
It's like somebody shaped
it out of concrete.
(This cave is the final spot
the characters survived in.)
This is where they had love.
I know that scene.
- Do you?
- Let's go down.
Can we go in the water?
(They get in the water.)
(The gold medalist is like
a fish in the water.)
It was Mother Nature.
It felt strange.
(She becomes one with the
sea and swims freely.)
I could have never imagined
that this was made naturally.
That's how beautiful it was.
If I come here...
with the woman I love,
with nobody else here,
it would be the most beautiful
and happiest thing ever.
It's beautiful up here too.
(She looks up after
swimming for some time.)
(Everything looks unreal.)
(It's surreal to see a
cave on top of the sea.)
(This is where Brooke Shields swam.)
(Da Rae roams through
Fiji's Mother Nature.)
Let's dive.
- Let's dive.
- Let's try.
We are allowed.
(Dindin climbs the cliff right away.)
Good job, Chief.
- In 1, 2, 3.
Jump!
(This is the perfect ending
to surviving like a movie.)
With Chief Dindin's courageous dive,
their team concludes the survival.
And...
Team Sung Hoon starts their last feast...
with the shrimps Jong Hyuk caught.
I should have caught four.
Without Chief Byung Man,
they had a hard time...
but with the veteran members'
experience and the rookies' energy,
they ended their survival safely.
(They overcame with the veterans'
experience and the rookies' energy.)
Everybody, you did very well.
- Your survival...
- Is finished!
(They finally finish their
survival without the Chief.)
We did it.
(Next week)
(Taveuni Island is like an
island where the spirits walk.)
(It's a fascinating and
thrilling experience.)
(The new 8 members arrive at
The Garden of the Spirits.)
(They work hard, play hard, and eat well.)
(Bo Mi and Cho Rong dominate the
jungle from the beginning.)
(The 5 veterans are Lee Tae Gon, Ryu Dam, )
(Kang Nam, )
(Jeong Jin Woon, and Lee Moon Sik.)
(Song Yun Hyeong of iKON
is a big fan of the show.)
- The Law of the Jungle.
- The Garden of the Spirits.